Mom, I don't want to go.
This Xiao Lingqing's eyes are impure
Ouch daughter
You look so beautiful.
Who can't see it?
Master Xiao is also a normal person
Xiao's identity is not ordinary
What kind of woman have you never seen?
He won't mess with you.
Jiaojiao, just listen to the horse
Xiao Dashao is a top wealthy young master
Even if he had any ideas
In his capacity, he definitely won't mess around
He must be talking to you.
Just go.
You didn't lie to me.
I'm your mother, can I hurt you?
Maybe I'm overthinking it.
What kind of woman can't Xiao Lingqing find?
Looking for me may really just be talking about things
Ok I will go
Master Shen has the latest news
Say Lin Qianjiao
Has driven to Yunting Hotel
Went to see Xiao Linqing
See Xiao Lingqing
What's the cause?
Our people get information from our guests
Lin Jia wants to use the Xiao family's trillion-dollar order project
A piece of the action
Xiao Lingqing asked the leader to hand over the transfer to the Silver Hall Hotel
See you idle
You can't tell the truth
And no one who tells lies
Stupid others
But this Xiao Lingqing
Should we help him?
Dad?
For the sake of his grandfather saving me back then
Save him one last time
Here we go.